[WIP] BZ1906375: Update oc adm policy add-scc-to-user for RBAC (#35421)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/cli-administrator-security-policy.adoc

Manage roles and policies on the cluster.

> [NOTE]

Reviewer: I see @bergerhoffer wanted to move this note above but the `policy` command is a bit broader than just SCCs so I would probably keep it next to the command as it was originally.

Also, instead of pointing out that "administrators create rolebindings", I'd rather rephrase this so that it says that the command is working differently starting version 4.5 and that it is that command that creates the rolebindings, which is the preferred way to handle access to the SCCs

Author: @stlaz: Changes made. Please let me know what you think.

----
$ oc adm policy add-scc-to-user privileged -z myserviceaccount
----

> [NOTE]

Reviewer 2: Not critical, but I'd consider moving this note up to before the examples

====

> As of OpenShift 4.5, role-based access control (RBAC) objects are used manage security context constraints (SCC). Administrators create rolebindings for known cluster roles to update the SCC to a service account. See the documentation on https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.8/authentication/managing-security-context-constraints.html#role-based-access-to-ssc_configuring-internal-oauth[role-based access to security context constraints] for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
As of {product-title} 4.5, role-based access control (RBAC) objects are used to manage security context constraints (SCC). Administrators create role bindings for known cluster roles to update the SCC to a service account. For more information, see xref:../../authentication/managing-security-context-constraints.adoc#role-based-access-to-ssc_configuring-internal-oauth[role-based access to security context constraints].
```
More info on these suggestions:
* Almost all instances of just "OpenShift" should be {product-title} (which resolves to "OpenShift Container Platform" for OCP docs
* We don't ever use hard links to docs.openshift.com (because we publish to the portal as well). It should always be an xref.
* xrefs should always back up (../) as far as necessary to the top level of the repo and then go back down. Also should always use the ".adoc" extension

Also a reminder not to use the "Commit suggestion" button that GitHub offers for this :)
